README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img alt="Treege" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108873902/189673125-5d1fdaf3-82d1-486f-bb16-01b0554bd4f1.png" style="padding: 20px;" width="auto" height="100" />
  <p><strong>Treege is a tools for decision tree generator</strong></p>
</div>

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/treege.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/treege)

[![Video Thumbnail](https://img.youtube.com/vi/YOUTUBE_VIDEO_ID/0.jpg)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108873902/184317603-61ceafc6-a326-49b2-b0de-ffda9cf9c75e.mov)

- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Usage](#Usage)
  - [Options](#Options)
- [Generate form from Treege data](#Generate-form-from-Treege-data)
- [Local installation](#local-installation)
- [Available Scripts](#Available-Scripts)
    - [yarn dev](#yarn-dev)
    - [yarn build](#yarn-build)
    - [yarn preview](#yarn-preview)
- [Convention](#Convention)

## Installation

```console
yarn add treege
```

## Usage

```typescript jsx
import { Treege } from "treege";

const App = () => {
  return <Treege />;
};

export default App;
```

### Options

| Props         | Type   | Default   | Required | Detail                                                                                        |
|---------------|--------|-----------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| backendConfig | object | undefined | false    | Backend configuration. Only necessary if you want backend communication.                      |
| initialTreeId | string | undefined | false    | If provided, this will fetch initial tree id. Cannot provided with `initialTree` in same time |
| initialTree   | object | undefined | false    | Initial tree data. Cannot provided with `initialTreeId` in same time                          |


#### `backendConfig`
| Props     | Type   | Default   | Required | Detail                                                      |
|-----------|--------|-----------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| baseUrl   | string | undefined | true     | Base url for API communication. ex : https://api.treege.com |
| authToken | string | undefined | false    | Authentication token                                        |
| endpoints | object | undefined | false    | Endpoints configuration                                     |

#### `endpoints`
| Props     | Type   | Default   | Required        | Detail                                                      |
|-----------|--------|-----------|-----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| workflow  | string | undefined | "/v1/workflow"  | Endpoint for `get/post/patch` single `workflow`             |
| workflows | string | undefined | "/v1/workflows" | Endpoint for get all workflows. It is a array on `workflow` |

Backend model need to be compatible with the following interface:

```typescript
interface Workflow {
  id: string;
  name: string;
  description: string;
  tree: Tree;
}
```

`Tree` is a JSON object generated by `Treege` with the following interface:

```typescript
interface Tree {
  name: string;
  attributes: any;
  children: Tree[];
  treeId?: string;
}
```

## How use Treege data ?

You can easily generate a form with the `React library` [treege-consumer](https://github.com/Tracktor/treege-consumer) or use our own application !

## Local installation

Clone the repository and install dependencies

```console 
yarn install
```

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn dev`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `dist` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://vitejs.dev/guide/static-deploy.html) for more information.

### `yarn preview`

Locally preview production build

## Convention

- [Airbnb JavaScript Style Guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript)
- [Versioning](https://semver.org)
- [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org)

Commit message:

feat: form validation (#28)
* feat: form validation (WIP)

* feat: form validation

* chore: config

* refactor: use @tracktor/types-treege

* refactor: use @tracktor/types-treege

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img alt="Treege" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108873902/189673125-5d1fdaf3-82d1-486f-bb16-01b0554bd4f1.png" style="padding: 20px;" width="auto" height="100" />
  <p><strong>Treege is a tools for decision tree generator</strong></p>
</div>

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/treege.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/treege)

[![Video Thumbnail](https://img.youtube.com/vi/YOUTUBE_VIDEO_ID/0.jpg)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108873902/184317603-61ceafc6-a326-49b2-b0de-ffda9cf9c75e.mov)

- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Usage](#Usage)
  - [Options](#Options)
- [Generate form from Treege data](#Generate-form-from-Treege-data)
- [Local installation](#local-installation)
- [Available Scripts](#Available-Scripts)
    - [yarn dev](#yarn-dev)
    - [yarn build](#yarn-build)
    - [yarn preview](#yarn-preview)
- [Convention](#Convention)

## Installation

```console
yarn add treege
```

## Usage

```typescript jsx
import { Treege } from "treege";

const App = () => {
  return <Treege />;
};

export default App;
```

### Options

| Props         | Type   | Default   | Required | Detail                                                                                        |
|---------------|--------|-----------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| backendConfig | object | undefined | false    | Backend configuration. Only necessary if you want backend communication.                      |
| initialTreeId | string | undefined | false    | If provided, this will fetch initial tree id. Cannot provided with `initialTree` in same time |
| initialTree   | object | undefined | false    | Initial tree data. Cannot provided with `initialTreeId` in same time                          |


#### `backendConfig`
| Props     | Type   | Default   | Required | Detail                                                      |
|-----------|--------|-----------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| baseUrl   | string | undefined | true     | Base url for API communication. ex : https://api.treege.com |
| authToken | string | undefined | false    | Authentication token                                        |
| endpoints | object | undefined | false    | Endpoints configuration                                     |

#### `endpoints`
| Props     | Type   | Default   | Required        | Detail                                                      |
|-----------|--------|-----------|-----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| workflow  | string | undefined | "/v1/workflow"  | Endpoint for `get/post/patch` single `workflow`             |
| workflows | string | undefined | "/v1/workflows" | Endpoint for get all workflows. It is a array on `workflow` |

Backend model need to be compatible with the following interface:

```typescript
interface Workflow {
  id: string;
  name: string;
  description: string;
  tree: Tree;
}
```

`Tree` is a JSON object generated by `Treege` with the following interface:

```typescript
interface Tree {
  name: string;
  attributes: any;
  children: Tree[];
  treeId?: string;
}
```

## How use Treege data ?

You can easily generate a form with the `React library` [treege-consumer](https://github.com/Tracktor/treege-consumer) or use our own application !

## Local installation

Clone the repository and install dependencies

```console 
yarn install
```
Locally preview production build

## Convention

- [Airbnb JavaScript Style Guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript)
- [Versioning](https://semver.org)
- [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org)

## Type Definitions

This library uses type definitions from [@tracktor/types-treege](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@tracktor/types-treege)
